pangloss/vim-javascript       :  https://github.com/pangloss/vim-javascript.git
thlorenz/vim-markdown         :  https://github.com/thlorenz/vim-markdown.git
kchmck/vim-coffee-script      :  https://github.com/kchmck/vim-coffee-script.git
vim-ruby/vim-ruby             :  https://github.com/vim-ruby/vim-ruby.git
lukerandall/haskellmode-vim   :  https://github.com/lukerandall/haskellmode-vim.git
tpope/vim-https               :  https://github.com/tpope/vim-git.git
tpope/vim-fugitive            :  https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive.git
msanders/snipmate             :  https://github.com/msanders/snipmate.vim.git
thlorenz/snipmate-mine        :  https://github.com/thlorenz/snipmate-mine.git
tpope/vim-repeat              :  https://github.com/tpope/vim-repeat.git
tpope/vim-surround            :  https://github.com/tpope/vim-surround.git
rstacruz/sparkup              :  https://github.com/rstacruz/sparkup.git
tpope/vim-ragtag              :  https://github.com/tpope/vim-ragtag.git
vim-scripts/ZoomWin           :  https://github.com/vim-scripts/ZoomWin.git
scrooloose/nerdcommenter      :  https://github.com/scrooloose/nerdcommenter.git
godlygeek/tabular             :  https://github.com/godlygeek/tabular.git
scrooloose/nerdtree           :  https://github.com/scrooloose/nerdtree.git
tsaleh/vim-tmux               :  https://github.com/tsaleh/vim-tmux.git
tpope/vim-vividchalk          :  https://github.com/tpope/vim-vividchalk.git
nelstrom/vim-blackboard       :  https://github.com/nelstrom/vim-blackboard.git
mikewest/vimroom              :  https://github.com/mikewest/vimroom.git
sjl/gundo                     :  https://github.com/sjl/gundo.vim.git
harleypig/vcscommand          :  https://github.com/harleypig/vcscommand.vim.git
majutsushi/tagbar             :  https://github.com/majutsushi/tagbar.git
pbrisbin/html-template-syntax :  https://github.com/pbrisbin/html-template-syntax.git
sjbach/lusty                  :  https://github.com/sjbach/lusty.git
jeetsukumaran/vim-buffergator :  https://github.com/jeetsukumaran/vim-buffergator.git
flazz/vim-colorschemes        :  https://github.com/flazz/vim-colorschemes.git
Lokaltog/vim-easymotion       :  https://github.com/Lokaltog/vim-easymotion.git
kien/ctrlp                    :  https://github.com/kien/ctrlp.vim.git
rgarver/Kwbd                  :  https://github.com/rgarver/Kwbd.vim.git
vim-scripts/Rename2           :  https://github.com/vim-scripts/Rename2.git
scrooloose/syntastic          :  https://github.com/scrooloose/syntastic.git
eagletmt/ghcmod-vim           :  https://github.com/eagletmt/ghcmod-vim.git
Shougo/vimproc                :  https://github.com/Shougo/vimproc.git
Shougo/unite                  :  https://github.com/Shougo/unite.vim.git
vim-scripts/EasyGrep          :  https://github.com/vim-scripts/EasyGrep.git
tpope/vim-unimpaired          :  https://github.com/tpope/vim-unimpaired.git
digitaltoad/vim-jade          :  https://github.com/digitaltoad/vim-jade.git
wavded/vim-stylus             :  https://github.com/wavded/vim-stylus.git
mmozuras/snipmate-shouldjs    :  https://github.com/mmozuras/snipmate-shouldjs.git
nono/vim-handlebars           :  https://github.com/nono/vim-handlebars.git
juvenn/mustache               :  https://github.com/juvenn/mustache.vim.git
xolox/vim-easytags            :  https://github.com/xolox/vim-easytags.git
Rip-Rip/clang_complete        :  https://github.com/Rip-Rip/clang_complete.git
epmatsw/ag                    :  https://github.com/epmatsw/ag.vim.git
Lokaltog/powerline            :  https://github.com/Lokaltog/powerline.git
derekwyatt/vim-scala          :  https://github.com/derekwyatt/vim-scala.git
thlorenz/vim-slime            :  https://github.com/thlorenz/vim-slime.git
tell-k/vim-browsereload-mac   :  https://github.com/tell-k/vim-browsereload-mac.git
mattn/gist-vim                :  https://github.com/mattn/gist-vim.git
mattn/webapi-vim              :  https://github.com/mattn/webapi-vim.git
ekalinin/Dockerfile           :  https://github.com/ekalinin/Dockerfile.vim.git
kelan/gyp.vim                 :  https://github.com/kelan/gyp.vim.git
vim-tmux-navigator            :  https://github.com/christoomey/vim-tmux-navigator.git
chase/vim-ansible-yaml        :  https://github.com/chase/vim-ansible-yaml.git
suan/vim-instant-markdown     :  https://github.com/suan/vim-instant-markdown.git
elzr/vim-json                 :  https://github.com/elzr/vim-json.git
